May the force be with you
I have a bad feeling about this
Good luck, Chuck
Godspeed
Cheers
Break a leg
Hope it works out
I'm rooting for you
Good bye, Dave
Fare thee well
Fare well
Do well
Have fun
If you get it sorted out, let me know
Don't blame me
You've got my number if you need more help
Don't fret, it'll get fixed somehow
See you later alligator
I will call you if I come up with anything else
Take courage
I am confident you can beat this thing
This one is all yours
I'll let you know if anything else comes down the pipe
You can do it
Good hunting
Enjoy
Hope it is not a Catch 22
Smooth sailing
Go get 'em
Stay frosty
Stay sharp
You and I, with what we do, what's at stake, we can't fail. Others don't understand. But even if it is impossible, we still have to succeed
Whatever the case, I won't stop until I have rescued Gotham City
I believe in Jim Gordon. I believe in Harvey Dent. I believe in Gotham City
My life has been a crusade to save this city. But as Batman. And now, in its greatest hour of crisis, Gotham turns to Bruce Wayne
You can never escape me. Bullets don't harm me. Nothing harms me. But I know pain. I know pain. Sometimes I share it. With someone like you
People think it's an obsession. A compulsion. As if there were an irresistible impulse to act. It's never been like that. I chose this life. I know what I'm doing. And on any given day, I could stop doing it. Today, however, isn't that day. And tomorrow won't be either
I'm not mad at all! I'm just differently sane
One by One, they'll hear my call. Then this wicked town, will follow my fall
Sorry about the mess
I happen to like, nice men
Your weapon, you will not need it
I think I just blasted it
Search your feelings
Only at the end do you realize the power of the Dark Side
Strike me down, and I will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine
It's a trap
Stay on target
You know, that little droid is going to cause me a lot of trouble
The circle is now complete
You don’t have to do this to impress me
Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try
You’ll find I’m full of surprises
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen
It’s against my programming to impersonate a deity
These aren’t the droids you’re looking for
